README.md, before:

# WEB103 Prework - **Content Creator Showcase**

Submitted by: **Kevin**

About this web app: **This app displays a list of content creators, allowing users to view details, add new creators, edit existing ones, and delete them.**

Time spent: **6** hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] **A logical component structure in React is used to create the frontend of the app**
- [x] **At least five content creators are displayed on the homepage of the app**
- [x] **Each content creator item includes their name, a link to their channel/page, and a short description of their content**
- [x] **API calls use the async/await design pattern via Axios or fetch()**
- [x] **Clicking on a content creator item takes the user to their details page, which includes their name, url, and description**
- [x] **Each content creator has their own unique URL**
- [x] **The user can edit a content creator to change their name, url, or description**
- [x] **The user can delete a content creator**
- [x] **The user can add a new content creator by entering a name, url, or description and then it is displayed on the homepage**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Picocss is used to style HTML elements
- [x] The content creator items are displayed in a creative format, like cards instead of a list
- [x] An image of each content creator is shown on their content creator card

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [x] Responsive design to ensure the app looks good on all devices.
* [x] Added animations for better user experience.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

![Video Walkthrough](public/chrome-capture-2024-8-10.gif)

GIF created with ... **ScreenToGif**

## Notes

One challenge encountered was ensuring that the API calls were efficient and handled errors gracefully. Additionally, making the layout responsive across different screen sizes required careful planning and testing.

Commit message:

docs(readme): update GIF tool and add license
Removed animation feature from the list, updated the GIF creation tool to Chrome-Capture, and added an Apache 2.0 License section for clarity on usage rights.

README.md, after:

# WEB103 Prework - **Content Creator Showcase**

Submitted by: **Kevin**

About this web app: **This app displays a list of content creators, allowing users to view details, add new creators, edit existing ones, and delete them.**

Time spent: **6** hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] **A logical component structure in React is used to create the frontend of the app**
- [x] **At least five content creators are displayed on the homepage of the app**
- [x] **Each content creator item includes their name, a link to their channel/page, and a short description of their content**
- [x] **API calls use the async/await design pattern via Axios or fetch()**
- [x] **Clicking on a content creator item takes the user to their details page, which includes their name, url, and description**
- [x] **Each content creator has their own unique URL**
- [x] **The user can edit a content creator to change their name, url, or description**
- [x] **The user can delete a content creator**
- [x] **The user can add a new content creator by entering a name, url, or description and then it is displayed on the homepage**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Picocss is used to style HTML elements
- [x] The content creator items are displayed in a creative format, like cards instead of a list
- [x] An image of each content creator is shown on their content creator card

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [x] Responsive design to ensure the app looks good on all devices.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

![Video Walkthrough](public/chrome-capture-2024-8-10.gif)

GIF created with ... **Chrome-Capture**

## Notes

One challenge encountered was ensuring that the API calls were efficient and handled errors gracefully. Additionally, making the layout responsive across different screen sizes required careful planning and testing.

## License

Copyright [2023] [Kevin]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
